Dominique Pozo: Eating, go for it. It's okay.
Martin Price: There's your breakfast there.
Dominique Pozo: It's a very late breakfast. It's almost 11
Martin Price: Yeah, okay.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: Um, so what happened yesterday. What I I've had so many emails. I'm not remembering why you weren't able to make it to group.
Martin Price: I just completely forgot it.
Martin Price: I don't even have an excuse. I was just working around the house and all of a sudden, I was like, oh,
Okay.
Martin Price: No problem.
Martin Price: No excuse I thought she might have an appointment or a meeting again this week at group meeting that you didn't say
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm glad you're, you know, you're following through and just
Dominique Pozo: Wanting to get some sort of support. That's great.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's, um, you know, I just was thinking about it. It's like
Martin Price: You know, just continually beating yourself up about the past.
Martin Price: Is very you know counterproductive and
Martin Price: I don't know, I just get into these my mind gets like like kind of stuck a eight track tape, you know,
Martin Price: Keeps like saying like, I really
Martin Price: Critical things
Martin Price: Know about
Martin Price: You know, like I
Martin Price: Kind of not gave away, but I just made a lot of unwise decisions about money, you know,
Martin Price: And it was
Martin Price: I do like that was my dad's whole existence. Gradually, he was a CPA and he was all about money, you know, and saving it.
Martin Price: And I didn't really well. And even after the divorce. I was doing really well. And then I just
Martin Price: Like spent like a drunken sailor or something, you know, I don't know what got into me, but
Martin Price: It's certainly a lesson in frugality now.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Martin Price: And it's, you know,
Martin Price: I keep
Martin Price: Like the
Martin Price: With Michelle, you know, and
Martin Price: How
Martin Price: I don't know, dishonest. She was and then today. I was just about on the verge to rent a
Martin Price: This really great deal in Janesville, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Because
Martin Price: One back to Janesville at some point and
Martin Price: Actually, it was this girl that I've been, you know, my pen pal or whatever. She said, That sounds too good to be true, you need to check it out. And, you know, finally called the realtor, and somehow SOMEONE DROVE by and saw this house is for sale and
Martin Price: The guy who the owner had died and he like jumped in and was pretending that he was the guy.
Dominique Pozo: That we're
Martin Price: Going to rent it and
Martin Price: How do these emails. He sent me Elise and he and then I finally was like
Martin Price: This is so weird. And I called him and he could barely speak English. And I said, is this Stephen Kramer, you know, it's a real Midwestern kinda
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Martin Price: apple pies, you know, and he was obviously like Mexico or hundreds or something and
Martin Price: I was just like that people will just go to some, you know, there's a lot of scammers out there just that's a clean carpets thing to do. I'm sure it's common but it
Martin Price: You know who's on Craigslist, so I thought it was all right.
Martin Price: But so like the whole thing with Michelle really has taught me a lesson not to be so impulsive with money, you know, and
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: I don't know. I am
Martin Price: I'm just trying to, like, look forward. Instead of back and stop criticizing myself.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: And taking and paper. Yeah. Well, one of the first things that comes to my mind is
Dominique Pozo: I wonder if you
Dominique Pozo: Are also grieving and this is, you know, the part of
Dominique Pozo: The part of you that is coming down on yourself. I wonder if it's I could be totally off, but it's just the thought that came in. That's why I'm naming it, you know, I wonder if it's a part that's saying, Gosh, you know,
Dominique Pozo: That was a really hard. I don't want to do it again. I'm actually really upset about that, that things played out like that. And so this is why this tape keeps running like, don't you know don't do it again. Is the message, yet the words are, you know, how could you have done that.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, you know, but I think the the message underneath the words are, you know, don't do that again.
Martin Price: Right. Um, I you know I think after the divorce. I really wasn't ready for the divorce and and
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Martin Price: You know, because I
Martin Price: I, I still think my ex, and I both loved each other, but we just
Martin Price: Couldn't handle my relationship with with Wiley, you know, and going and
Martin Price: And so, I think. Then after that, I was like, Okay, I'm going to go like party it up, and I've got all this money and I'm going to have fun and
Martin Price: And I did some good things with it. You know, like invested in the house and invested in Wiley's treatment center and all that. But, you know, then I hooked up with Michelle and gave her money and
Martin Price: You know we signed an agreement for a business.
Martin Price: Investment and
Martin Price: And that's still kind of hanging out there. I don't think she even
Martin Price: Believes that
Martin Price: It's her responsibility, you know, so
Martin Price: So I've got a lawyer involved in that, but
Martin Price: Yeah, when I look at it I guess I just can realize that I went through a lot of
Martin Price: You know, it was the daughter getting skits with her having schizophrenia for eight years. And my wife kind of saying she couldn't take it anymore and
Martin Price: And I blew out my back and I lost my job and it all happen like over the course of like five or six months and
Martin Price: It was just a lot and
Dominique Pozo: You know, there's this I read this book long ago by a
Dominique Pozo: Man.
Dominique Pozo: named Bill plotkin and when
Dominique Pozo: As we go through life we we develop these these parts of self called loyal soldiers and
Dominique Pozo: The loyal soldier is a part that is like they take care. They're the they're the protectors of us.
Dominique Pozo: And they come out in different ways, you know, sometimes maybe they're fighters and they just, you know, they're very defensive and they fight a lot or
Dominique Pozo: Or they they recoil and they pull away because that's, you know, a defense mechanism. And then I think I'm wondering if this part that keeps giving you the negative self talk if it's the loyal soldier that's like, you know,
Dominique Pozo: I don't want you to make a mistake again. So I'm going to make sure you hear me every day, many times.
Dominique Pozo: Sometimes with the loyal soldiers, what we need to tell them is, you know, thank you so much. Thank you. I hear your message. I see it's coming from a place of care and I don't need to hear it every day anymore i don't i
Dominique Pozo: I got the memo. It's clear. It's like, and these parts. Sometimes they back off a little you know cuz they're just trying to protect
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Martin Price: Any media in your head.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, totally. And you know the other ones that maybe act out in different ways. It's, it's, and we all have them. And I wonder what other loyal soldiers, you have
Dominique Pozo: You know, it's, um, it's such a good thing to remind them that that was then and this is now you're not living, even in the time that you were when you were with Michelle, you are here. Now Michelle is not in the picture and
Dominique Pozo: Right, you don't need to hear this every day because you're not in the same dynamic
Martin Price: Yeah, I think, like, just kind of focusing on the here and now and
Yeah.
Martin Price: Future. I mean, I like this job and
Martin Price: You know, I'm pretty sure there's some longevity associated with it. And I can
Martin Price: Get back on track financially.
Martin Price: But it and you know i i think part of is like
Martin Price: That was my dad's favorite criticism was about, you know, my financial responsibility when I was younger and
Martin Price: You know, and then it just all comes back.
Martin Price: It's like that wiring is left Dorman in there and then all of a sudden the circuit gets reconnected and
Martin Price: Just starts playing away, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. I mean, I think what you said is the
Dominique Pozo: Key is getting present to the here and now. And this is a this is a constant practice doing it every few minutes, remembering bring myself to the here and now, you know, and just making that conscious
Dominique Pozo: Shift
Martin Price: I have a, like a little prayer, I say, but you know it doesn't
Martin Price: doesn't cure it. And that's for sure. It just read it. What's
Martin Price: The title of it in the right way.
Dominique Pozo: To share the prayer.
Martin Price: Oh, it's you know God. The past is behind us in the future isn't here yet. So thank you for giving me this moment.
Martin Price: To be in your divine spiritual presence, your wisdom, your love and your grace.
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean, I've got a lot of prayers that I say like that when I start coming down on myself last night was really bad for some reason, I was just
Martin Price: Out there.
Martin Price: And then I keep thinking like must have something to do with a buprenorphine or something but
Martin Price: You know, I've talked to counselors before then it was like know that it's you. It's you beating yourself up.
Dominique Pozo: On all one. Are you open to a reflection that I just had
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. When you read the prayer it. My experience was you, you read through it really fast and I
Martin Price: Like
Dominique Pozo: I almost didn't get it. And I'm wondering how much you're actually connecting to it like conceptually. Sure. It's an idea, but to really feel it. And I wonder if you're willing to reread it and really feel it as you read it and let it in
Martin Price: The past is behind us in the future isn't here yet.
Martin Price: Thank you for giving me this moment to be in your presence.
Martin Price: Oh, thank you for this moment to be in your divine spiritual presence love wisdom and grace.
Dominique Pozo: Think slowing everything down. I hate. That's the key. You know, right now, to becoming president is or slowing it down and really being with not not only the concepts, because they're great ideas and concepts but feeling them like really bringing it down from the head down into the body.
Martin Price: Yeah, I probably said it kind of cynically because I don't you know it's like I feel like it's not working. Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, but I keep going. You know, I keep mentioning this other counselor. I had, and he just said you have to intervene. Every time you know that negative. He calls it the shadow or the voice. It doesn't love you and he just says you need to intervene. Every time that voice kicks in and
Martin Price: You know, recognize that it's like programming from early childhood or something.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. Mm hmm.
And
Martin Price: So that's, you know, so I tried to intervene, but
Martin Price: Yeah, it's just like a daily battle.
Dominique Pozo: I think for a while. It probably will be and then it doesn't have to be anymore.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, and I'll just share from personal experience, you know, with different things that have come up for me around the past. It is. It's like, oh my gosh, this is a daily. It's a practice to keep
Dominique Pozo: You know, bringing myself to a different space and and way of moving through the world. And then eventually, it's like, oh, well, actually this is who I am now. You know, it just takes such work.
Dominique Pozo: And you and you're doing it. I mean, you show up every week for group. This week, you didn't and lucky reached out per session. So you're totally showing up for yourself.
Martin Price: Yeah, cuz I was I was getting kind of
Martin Price: I felt that gone as far as I could, with the spiritual counselor guy. He just
Martin Price: I mean, everything was about, you know, it's all a lesson. You got to be gentle with yourself. The forgiving and
Martin Price: You know, God will take care of you. And I just, I felt like I could grasp it intellectually, but I wasn't feeling it, you know.
Dominique Pozo: So this is great. So this is helping me see where to go next in the session. So let's do a little somatic work. So when you
Dominique Pozo: When you
Dominique Pozo: Hear the self talk
Dominique Pozo: What part of your body either reacts response or are you able to identify what part of your body that the message is delivered from just think of maybe the most recent negative self talk you you told yourself.
Martin Price: Like last night. It was just, I mean, I didn't really like feel it in the pit of my stomach or anything. It was just
Martin Price: spinning around in my head. And then I get in a really
Martin Price: I get in a bad mood and
Martin Price: So then I just kind of run around and try and get things done and stay distracted, you know,
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So, so go back to if you if you are willing to last night before you started running around distracting yourself. What part of your body.
Dominique Pozo: Experiences, the self talk like when you when you hear the words and then something happens, what part of your body. Is there a response happening.
Martin Price: I'm trying to say. It just feels like right there.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, okay. So put your hand right there. Let's just stick with that.
Dominique Pozo: So just
Dominique Pozo: Just be with this taking a few deep breaths.
Dominique Pozo: And really noticing. Like, what does this feel like, what, what does this remind you of what does this feel like what's going on in here just describe it as much as possible.
Like this.
Just keeps
Martin Price: Broadcasting
Martin Price: You know, I should take revenge or I should, you know, how could I have been so stupid and
Martin Price: You know, just like here and it just sort of
Martin Price: Consolidates in that area of my brain and just won't stop transmitting
Dominique Pozo: So do you want to just look at me, I'm going to, I'm going to mirror what what I'm seeing. And you can take your hand if y'all just tell me what you see. I'm going to mirror you know as much as I thought in you.
Dominique Pozo: What do you see when you look at that.
Dominique Pozo: That's what I see, I see the image I get is somebody else's hand like
Dominique Pozo: You know, Penny you down and holding you down. But tell me more, tell me what what you see what comes to mind.
Martin Price: Just like
Martin Price: hooked into my brain or something.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I'm gonna do this, I'm going to take it away. What, what, what can you imagine what happened if you took this out.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I mean this is such a great image to keep in the forefront of your mind when those thoughts come on boom that hook is in there. And so it's like okay, gently taking this hook out and giving yourself the space to just be
Martin Price: Well, I mean,
Martin Price: So like the only. What I'm saying is the only way I know
Martin Price: That works is
Martin Price: Well, time and
Martin Price: Exercise helps and
Martin Price: Sometimes
Dominique Pozo: Let's understand this hook a little more if you're willing to get a piece of paper and write, and write from this place, say I am dot, dot, dot, let's let's understand it more. Let's see what this is where it comes from, what its motivations are
Dominique Pozo: So if you can just say I am dot, dot, dot. And think of this
Dominique Pozo: You know this very intrusive and kind of domineering hook
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: What it, what do you got
Martin Price: It's kind of like I am, your protector in your Savior. You're fucking up and this is all going to end badly.
Martin Price: You know, it's
Martin Price: I guess it's like this part of me like times in my life when I messed up and either
Martin Price: My brother, my father kind of had to intervene and
Martin Price: straighten me out.
Martin Price: Or, you know, to a certain extent.
Dominique Pozo: Do you think you're currently fucking up
Martin Price: With the buprenorphine. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How so
Martin Price: Well, I just, I'm
Martin Price: Like, I went to a treatment center.
Martin Price: About two years ago and
Martin Price: It was
Martin Price: I had been taken pain pills are mostly pain pills, but some Suboxone and
Martin Price: It was like two weeks to hell to get up to get, you know, to withdraw whatever you call it.
Martin Price: And then
Martin Price: You know, probably another month or two.
Martin Price: Just like pretty bad anxiety and
Martin Price: Like weakness and
Martin Price: I just
Martin Price: Was really fatigued, all the time and get getting sick.
Martin Price: Ron keel stop and everything like that.
When
Martin Price: You know, I remember I was probably clean for like five months and then got some cough syrup with coding in it. And that just seemed like it just started the whole cycle again.
Martin Price: And then I threw out my back and had this car accident, everything like that. But it's like
Martin Price: I just feel like I'm not accepting that I'm an addict and that this isn't this is gonna if I don't
Martin Price: Get off this stuff right away, it's going to lead me to a really bad place. And yet,
Martin Price: I don't know, I've been able to, you know,
Martin Price: I don't want to call it control it, but I'd like I'm functioning well and I'm not
Martin Price: I'm able to take it within the prescribed amounts but
Martin Price: It just doesn't feel right.
Dominique Pozo: So this is actually this is making more sense to me why this voice keeps coming in because there's something that doesn't feel right. And it's really the it's the
Dominique Pozo: It's like the voice of that like this doesn't feel right.
Martin Price: Yeah, I want to and and and like I want to
Martin Price: I don't know if I need to go to like a
Martin Price: Place, like a detoxing to get off of it or just keep trying to taper things. Only thing I haven't tried you know and
Dominique Pozo: So you haven't been tapering
Martin Price: Know what I'm trying to say is at the treatment center was like cold turkey.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Do you
Dominique Pozo: Psycho.
Martin Price: Anyway, and this time it's more like, okay, just a little bit. A little bit. A little bit and I am reducing it and
Martin Price: I get crabby, like in the afternoon and stuff like that.
Martin Price: I really have the will, you know,
Martin Price: And I'm also worried that someday they'll start drug testing at work or I'll need to find a different job where they drug tests and, you know,
Martin Price: And I won't be able to do it.
Martin Price: Because I'm the person
Dominique Pozo: Yep. Um, do you did you experience that quitting Cold Turkey was effective. And it worked. Was it long lasting.
Martin Price: No, I mean lasted five months. Yeah. Which isn't bad, but I mean,
Martin Price: The previously when I went to a treatment center in 2000 you know I was clean for 16 years
Dominique Pozo: Oh, wow.
Martin Price: You know, but I stopped going to na meetings and stuff like that and
Martin Price: You know,
Dominique Pozo: To me, the sounds, correct me if I'm wrong, it sounds less about, you know, your choices and decisions around money and more about currently that you're not really in alignment with what you're doing.
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean,
Martin Price: I don't know. I like the way I feel on it and I'm I like that. I can still
Martin Price: You know exercise work and
Martin Price: That kind of thing. But I just
Martin Price: Like I don't. Sometimes I don't feel like it's the real me
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Martin Price: I think it's like my spirit is kind of like trapped. Yeah, because I'm on this drug, you know,
Dominique Pozo: So what do you think it would be helpful to set a goal for yourself to really just continue on the tapering process and
Dominique Pozo: And get off of it by certain date.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Martin Price: I was using June 1
Martin Price: I don't know if a month is too quick or not.
Dominique Pozo: Is that realistic. How much are you taking
Martin Price: Like 3.4 something like that milligrams
Martin Price: This will be a good stuff.
Dominique Pozo: I would talk to the doctor, you know, they, they know more, I don't, I don't really know about this stuff, but
Dominique Pozo: I think setting some goals for your tapering so you have kind of an end in sight, and you don't you know your psyche doesn't keep beating yourself up saying, you know, this is bad. You shouldn't be on it. This is going to cause problems, you know, blah, blah, blah. Whatever the talk is
Dominique Pozo: Just knowing I wonder if that might help a little to
Dominique Pozo: Have a container of time so that your psyche knows. Okay, this isn't an open ended thing. This is going to end. So maybe you know lighten up a little bit hot voice.
Martin Price: Yeah, I don't know how long of a period to use either
Martin Price: I got the idea, or I got the sense that it was months, you know, for a lot of people have, like, just trying to reductions in those
Dominique Pozo: Oh yeah, I mean, it's been some people have been tapering for years. So I'm not saying that will be your case and some that have gone through quite quickly.
Dominique Pozo: You know, so it's different. It's just, you know, how bad does somebody want it. How much are they taking care of themselves in the process to make sure that they're getting through the tapering without too much discomfort, because there's gonna be a little
Martin Price: Yeah. Part of it is like I know if I tried to do a cold turkey thing it would take me usually takes at least a month to kind of get to the point where you could say sit in the office all day and
Martin Price: Usually I end up getting a lot of anxiety.
Martin Price: So I don't know. I
Martin Price: It was strange to me when I started this job that it's the first place I've gotten that they don't have badges or do
Martin Price: Drug testing.
Martin Price: I think it's because they're on a really tight budget and they
Martin Price: They don't plan to do drug testing until they get their licensed operator or something, which would be years down the road, but
Martin Price: If I get this job ever. If I like if they ran out of money or I lost this job. I need to go somewhere else and they would definitely have drug testing, you know,
Martin Price: So, okay, yeah, that's a big part of it is
Martin Price: Me beating myself up for being on
Dominique Pozo: Oh, I can't hear you.
Dominique Pozo: Hear me now. I didn't hear you. What was that, yeah. Now, I hear you. Yeah, yeah.
Martin Price: It's just a big part of it is me beating myself up over the viewpoint of her friend and then combine that with like
Martin Price: beating myself up for the past
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. What I'm hearing is there's a part of you that's really not proud of where you're at and what you've done.
Yeah yeah yeah
Martin Price: I mean, I'm
Martin Price: I'm trying to relate to the part of me that
Martin Price: You know, turned it around and got a job and
Martin Price: You know, is making an effort to
Martin Price: get my life back in order, you know,
Martin Price: But it's just like
Martin Price: You know until I
Martin Price: Get off that buprenorphine. I just feel. I don't feel like I'm there, you know,
Martin Price: I know
Martin Price: You know, I'm kind of like sometimes in group, I want to ask, you know, don't they drug test you at work. It's like, you know, people who work for the state or construction companies or whatever.
Dominique Pozo: Go ahead and ask them. This is what group is for please ask them.
Dominique Pozo: This is a place to exchange ideas and, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Share your lamenting around certain things and
Dominique Pozo: The wind just blew something
Dominique Pozo: And I think also sharing what you're sharing with me. You know, if you're willing to share with the group, you know, you're not alone. This we just had this conversation.
Dominique Pozo: Actually, I wonder if it was in your group someone was being so hard on themselves about being on Suboxone and and really judging themselves. So this is not
Dominique Pozo: I mean it's unique because it's your own experience, but it's not uncommon.
Martin Price: Yeah and if our na groups here.
Martin Price: There's a. It's very, it's a very divisive issue. They don't, there's the old timers who did it without medically assisted treatment, and then there's everybody
Martin Price: Who's on some form of medication assisted treatment like keeping our fan or medical marijuana or
Dominique Pozo: Right.
Martin Price: Or whatever, and
Martin Price: It's created a huge split and
Martin Price: You know, I don't feel comfortable talking about it in meetings, you know,
Martin Price: The, the groups that through bright heart are the only way I can relate. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I think it's good and and
Dominique Pozo: You know what it comes down to is everyone has their own unique chemistry their own needs, their own history, their own
Dominique Pozo: You know dreams for the future. So it's different for everyone like one person said, I've accepted, I may be on this forever. And I'm accepting it because it helps me to function. And I want to function and another person was saying.
Dominique Pozo: I don't want to be honest anymore. I want to be free from feeling like something has a grip on me.
Martin Price: You know, right.
Dominique Pozo: So this is, it's a it's a really important topic to discuss when someone is on medicated assistant, you know, assisted treatment with medication.
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean,
Martin Price: That's just weird. It
Martin Price: I have. I feel like about a third of it of me taking it is for pain. And then the other two thirds is for 30 minutes from for for physical pain is that the other two thirds is for emotional pain, you know,
Dominique Pozo: That's why you're here in the therapy and that's why this is so important, so that you're not
Dominique Pozo: You know, relying on that to to whatever skip over or outer pretty much deny the other payments president
Martin Price: And then the other thing I noticed is that when I do taper. I actually
Martin Price: Feel it more, if that makes sense. It's like when you're on a lower dose, you're much more aware of how you're feeling
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh, uh huh. Yeah, this is, this is the hardest time to this last little
Dominique Pozo: Window.
Dominique Pozo: The final step of tapering that what I've noticed to people. This is the hardest part. So,
Dominique Pozo: If you're getting closer to the end of that on here.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's probably once you get down to like one milligram every other day. It's like, you don't want to let go of it, you know.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: All the things that come with that, you know, the fear, the anxiety, the worry the desire to not go back to the life you had before. I mean, all these things.
Dominique Pozo: So I think, and I think you alluded to it at some point in the session today that you know it's really choosing where you focus your energy and your attention.
Dominique Pozo: So choosing to focus on the things that you are accomplishing and have accomplished and that you are proud of. Not fixating on the things you're not proud of.
Martin Price: Yeah. Dang, you know, and I tried to, like, get my mind.
Martin Price: Distracted or diverted and try and think about work or something. I need to get done at the house or, you know, I try and think about what's going right and
Martin Price: Sometimes it's just hard to get out of it and it's not till the next morning, they get some sleep that I'm
Martin Price: In a better place.
Dominique Pozo: I wonder, can you slow it down. Can you just slow down, like when you do start to think about all the things you have accomplished where you're at.
Dominique Pozo: And really let it in. It's almost like the prayer. It's almost like that prayer that you read in the beginning, or that you that you said you said you kind of like cynically read it said it and
Dominique Pozo: Same with all the things you have done well and accomplished and that you are proud of, see if you can just be with them and feel like what is that experience of praising myself, Where do I feel that in my body. What is that feel like and, you know, the more that you're able to track.
Dominique Pozo: The positive
Dominique Pozo: Responses that you're having. I think the better because it seems like that's the good direction to move in.
Martin Price: That is that I've done right.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. What is it that you've done right and as you start to consider these things.
Dominique Pozo: Feel it really feel it in your body and go through it slow. Don't I think it's easy to rattle off. Well, I
Dominique Pozo: You know, I went to college. I got a job, I was able to support my family, blah, blah, blah, blah. But really feeling into
Dominique Pozo: What was that experience of going to college, you know, the stimulation. The excitement. The meeting of friends and new ideas and feeling all that. And then I had a family, you know, that's, I mean, there's a whole universe of richness to to tap into and and really
Dominique Pozo: Deepening with the positives.
Martin Price: To be in. Yeah, it's like I feel like a not in a state of gratitude.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Well that's, I suppose. Feels like deja vu, have I invited you to do a gratitude practice every day and maybe even just as when you wake up five things you're grateful for. And when you fall asleep five things you're grateful for.
Dominique Pozo: That has been super effective, I'll just speak personally in the past for me when I've been in a really big funk and read that it pulled me out. That was the only thing that pulled me out was giving thanks for the things in my life.
Martin Price: And it's also being patient, it's a slow things don't just change overnight. You know, you have to like if you want your finances to improve, you really have to
Martin Price: Practice cost cutting and
Martin Price: I've never really been into like shopping or eight or gambling or anything like that.
Martin Price: So I don't really spend that much money, you know, so I feel like I'm
Martin Price: Coming back, but it's just a slow process, you know,
Martin Price: Trying to
Martin Price: I know I'll have to work for the next five years, which I'm okay with, to tell you the truth, I don't mind work, but it just would be nice to have that cushion. I used to have.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I, I really think that patience is a keyword, you know, being patient with your process.
Dominique Pozo: Because I think if you rush it or try to get somewhere prematurely one. It may not happen, and you're going to get very frustrated and maybe backslide even worse.
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean I am going to do some small investments like I bought
Martin Price: An entire Bitcoin now so
Dominique Pozo: Oh, cool.
Martin Price: It's going out.
Martin Price: I mean I have to, like, for me, I just feel like I have to have a couple
Martin Price: I don't know what you'd call little grow pots or something.
Martin Price: Where I can do stuff like that and see some improvement, you know,
Martin Price: Yeah, I don't know if I get shut down because I am tapering or
Martin Price: Or why and I just don't know.
Dominique Pozo: I think this is a good thing to talk to the
Dominique Pozo: Doctor about to physiologically, you know, what are some of the signs and symptoms as people do taper because it could be, it could be that there's
Dominique Pozo: That that is impacting you in some way and
Martin Price: is temporary. This is not a forever. Yeah, your brain. Your brain once read it used to get
Dominique Pozo: Wondering about to the document and Sir
Dominique Pozo: Are you there, oh, I lost you. Oh, there are you. Can you hear me.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's just this. I couldn't hear what you said something about dopamine and serotonin receptors or something.
Dominique Pozo: I'm wondering, I'm wondering if this is a part of the process, because you know when when someone's doing opiates. It really messes with the body's capacity to naturally produce the dope mean
Dominique Pozo: And then all those good feelings of endorphins as well. So it takes time for that to start happening on its own. Again, and you may simply be and that's for the doctor dance or not me, but you may simply be in this process of, you know, it's uncomfortable. It's not comfortable
Martin Price: No, no. I mean, I think the tendency is to want more or less.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, exactly.
Martin Price: But then, I've noticed that I just feel like I've got
Martin Price: I don't know a little bit more serenity and
Martin Price: Person I ran at lunch and they track me down at work of my
Martin Price: First my buddy. One of my co workers, call me and then my boss called me right after that, you know, you need to sign this thing.
Martin Price: It's got to be done in 10 minutes or something that's of
Martin Price: Course I told him the truth that I was running, which was like, What do you mean you're running orange, you're in front of your computer.
Martin Price: So it's very
Martin Price: I man like this one guy just seems like he's working 24 seven I don't feel like I'm that busy, but
Martin Price: I do work a lot
Martin Price: Yeah, anyway, I'm not really. I guess I'm not ready to just accept being on buprenorphine for the rest of my life, you
Dominique Pozo: Know, and you don't have to. I don't think that has to be the way it is. I think it's just recognizing that it's not going to happen overnight. And it may be a longer than you're wishing for but you know I really
Martin Price: Probably do have a little bit of time I
Martin Price: You know, like I said, it's I like this job and hopefully I'm pretty sure I can keep it in some form or fashion and I just don't think they're going to start
Martin Price: Drug testing for quite a while. They like the cheapest for building a brand new nuclear production plan, it's the cheapest company I've ever worked for because it's a
Martin Price: Startup.
Martin Price: Venture Capitalist venture capital funded startup.
Martin Price: The man they really
Martin Price: WATCH THEIR MONEY.
Dominique Pozo: So what do you think you can do different in the next week.
Martin Price: Definitely, I really like the idea of five things you're grateful for.
Martin Price: At bed time
Dominique Pozo: In the morning
Martin Price: I have been trying to
Martin Price: Look above. If I wake up at like 530 or five or something. I'll just kind of sit up in bed and try and meditate, or at least do repetitive or something like that.
Martin Price: I don't know what to think about like attending the NA meetings because I like I said, I just
Martin Price: Feel like I can't like fully
Martin Price: I can't really talk about what I want to talk about
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it sounds like
Dominique Pozo: There's some there's definitely there could be some judgment in there. That's not going to help
Martin Price: Your situation. So, I mean, I guess what I'm saying is, I don't know if
Martin Price: It is Wednesday.
Dominique Pozo: Today is Wednesday. Yep.
Yeah.
Martin Price: It is like I've kind of gotten connected with this church.
Martin Price: Back in Wisconsin that
Martin Price: It's called the heartland.
And
Martin Price: It's like this whole Celebrate recovery program and they're kind of all about
Martin Price: Everyone's a mess. You know, we've all got some issues either addiction or behaviors or something, you know, and
Martin Price: They have like these kind of breakout groups and stuff like that. And that's actually tonight. So I think that would help me to do that to go to that.
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: That sounds like a good support and a you know a place where you maybe can divulge a little more and Sharon.
Martin Price: WATCH THEIR
Martin Price: The sermon and it's kind of an evangelical there's a band and everything like that. And that's every Sunday morning. It's pretty white bread, though. It's not like you know black GOSPEL SINGERS or any
Martin Price: Christianity.
Martin Price: Sound like Aretha Franklin.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, how about um
Dominique Pozo: Do you, do you think and feel that you're getting out enough doing the things that you love, you know the the hobbies that you have and I hear that the outdoor being outdoors is huge for you.
Martin Price: And moving around to do or hike or you do that I
Dominique Pozo: Was Uh huh.
Martin Price: Yeah, and working out in the yard. And that's really good. I, I definitely don't do well sitting inside all day in front of a computer.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Well, I haven't having an idea to. I wonder if it could be helpful.
Dominique Pozo: On your walks. Like, I don't know if you have audible or if you can download some podcasts, but start filling your mind with something else. Because I imagine I know you know
Dominique Pozo: Going going hiking. It's like, you can go hike and beautiful you're outside and a person can really ruminate around the things that are upsetting them or what and just keep doing circles, when they have that time and space to do it so
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Dominique Pozo: Maybe filling that space rather than
Dominique Pozo: You know, repeating that pattern filling it with new information that's actually going to be helpful to create the
Martin Price: So,
Martin Price: Just like a
Martin Price: New beliefs decided to get just from
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so there's two one, that's really good is called on been like, oh, and b i n g and the woman who lead that is her name is Krista Tippett
Martin Price: And then another one being.com or something.
Dominique Pozo: I think if you just look up on being it'll you can get an app for it and
Dominique Pozo: Okay. And then the other one is sounds true with Tammy, Simon.
Martin Price: sounds true or sound true
Dominique Pozo: sounds true. I'm pretty certain what color.
Dominique Pozo: Maybe it took it off my phone today.
Dominique Pozo: Did
Dominique Pozo: A pretty sure it sounds true, but if you look it up with Tammy Simon TA I time
Dominique Pozo: It'll come up
Okay.
Martin Price: Yeah I did get like a
Martin Price: Deepak Chopra seven Spiritual Laws of success and
Uh huh.
Martin Price: I think I need something not quite as altruistic, you know, something more kind of teach on the ground stuff.
Dominique Pozo: I think of the on being, I think you might appreciate it. It's not so lofty, you know, the concepts aren't so there. It's just, you know, some of them are really inspiring. Some of them are really encouraging. Oh, here's another one. It's called Future Primitive
Martin Price: Future Primitive
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, with
Dominique Pozo: I think Joanna something, but if you look up Future Primitive you'll find it.
Dominique Pozo: That one's cool there's some
Dominique Pozo: Really interesting speakers and it is, it can get a little lofty and spiritual although it's really interesting, just, you know, filling your mind with other things.
Martin Price: Okay, yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, lots of times it happens like, you know, I think I've mentioned this before it happens like it search at three or four in the afternoon.
Dominique Pozo: Right, right.
Martin Price: The, the stress of the day. I don't know what the hell today. I went out, man. So I feel a lot more relaxed day
Dominique Pozo: At that time, no, because it's only 245
Martin Price: I mean, I ran at lunch and
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, just, yeah. Great. Well, the exercise. That's great. I think that's the other thing I think is
Dominique Pozo: Well, the podcasts don't really support this, but moving the energy away from your head and into your body more. So that is where the physical activity is so good.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: Yeah, and it just kind of settles down a bit. So I'm not sure.
Martin Price: So my expectations are so high, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, more grateful place.
Dominique Pozo: Well I, I actually think this, this thing is a very valuable voice saying you know don't keep fucking up whatever that means to you. It's like it really wants you to
Dominique Pozo: Keep for flourishing and just having a better life.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's just it
Martin Price: It really gets me down.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: That's supposed to fight it then or intervene.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I think by doing I think by doing the gratitude practices by, you know, going to the church group that you're that you go to, by
Dominique Pozo: Potential listening. That's intervention for sure.
Martin Price: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I feel like I'm trying. I just, and then I'm like, why, why don't you feel any better. And it's because, you know, then I, you know, if I can't beat myself up over the My shitty finances or the stupid things I did and I beat myself up over taking buprenorphine.
Martin Price: I'll find something
Martin Price: But honestly I feel pretty good this afternoon so
Great.
Dominique Pozo: And I really, I really see your desire. And I think that's the most important pieces. The desire for the change. And then the rest will follow. And you really want it. I can tell.
Martin Price: Yeah, I do. I am
Martin Price: You know, I just
Martin Price: I guess I kind of feel like
Martin Price: Pretty much the time is gone. I don't know how quickly I can do it. But the my best.
Yeah.
Martin Price: All right.
Martin Price: I probably had to get back to my favorite
Martin Price: Thing which is
Martin Price: Doing emails or whatever.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, let's, I'm just going to pull up my calendar really quickly. So I have you down. So we had a session today.
Dominique Pozo: When do you want to schedule the next time I HAVE YOU AS FOR MONDAY THE 11th to do. Do you want to just stick to that. That's in
Martin Price: The fourth, but I don't know if you have an opening on the
Martin Price: Fourth, and six.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, we can do that. I can put you in
Martin Price: Let's do that.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm gonna put you in. I think this is good. I think just for this time, Martin. I think there's some wisdom and it seems like part of you is reaching out for extra support right now and I think
Martin Price: Yeah yeah I stopped seeing kill my spiritual guy and
Martin Price: I
Martin Price: I think this helps. It's kind of like not as
Martin Price: Yeah, love. Do you like you said as yeah those stuff.
Dominique Pozo: I think it's great. I think
Dominique Pozo: Thanks for that, too. And it sounds like right now. Maybe what you're needing this a little more ground.
Martin Price: Okay.
Martin Price: Okay, okay. I'll talk to you, Monday, then
Dominique Pozo: Okay, see you then.
Martin Price: Bye bye.
Dominique Pozo: Have a great week skin. Okay. You have a lot of homework. I'm curious to see how this goes. You've got
Martin Price: It all written down.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, okay.
Martin Price: Okay. All right.
Martin Price: All right.
Okay. Okay, bye bye MIT.